Link to game: http://www.glowscript.org/#/user/jetsai/folder/MyPrograms/program/poolstarter.py 
Objective of the game:
The objective of our game is a combination between golf and pool. On our minigolf-inspired course, there is a white cue ball as well as red pool balls. Hitting the pool balls into the hole marked by the flag allows the user to earn points. The flag is made extra cool with smoke rings coming out of it! The user wins by getting the cue ball into the hole, and finishes with the amount of points they earned prior to winning. If the user runs out of cue balls, possibly because they hit the cue ball into various hazards on the course, they lose. As the user’s amount of cue balls decreases, they will have to decide if they should still go for more points or settle for the points they have and try to win.There are two hazards on the board: a pool of water and a moving black hole. If you hit the cue ball into the water, you lose that ball and a new cue ball is placed at the starting point. If you hit the cue ball into the black hole, the cue ball is lost and a new one is also placed at the starting point while the black hole is teleported to a random location on the board. 

How to use the user interface:
To zoom in/out, use both fingers on the touchpad or the scroller on your mouse. To rotate the cue stick, you can used the arrow keys or WASD. The cue ball can be hit using spacebar and the power of the hit can be adjusted using the slider below the screen. Note: the cue stick will disappear when balls are moving and reappear when all balls are not moving. Pressing the R key will reset the position of the cue ball, but will also use up one of your cue balls. Grutor Mode: Pressing the X key is an automatic win, and displays the win screen as a result. If you use up all 10 allotted balls, a lose screen will be displayed instead (this can be seen by pressing the R key 10 times). The amount of balls you have left and your total points are displayed in the text box below the game and prints every time you hit a key. 

